I am writing a "Literature" for a given research topic: {}

Help me write a response to the following prompts: "Experimental Design:" "Key Findings, Conclusions, Future Directions:" based on the information and my seminar notes given below.

Relevant Paper: {}








BUILD UPON THE OUTLINE AND ASSEMBLE EACH SECTION AS FULLY WRITTEN ARGUMENTS AND CONVERSATIONS. NOW GO BACK THROUGH AND BUILD UPON YOUR WRITING BY ADDING IN-TEXT CITATIONS AND REFERENCES AND SUPPLEMENTING THE ARGUMENTS OF EACH SECTION.
----

Help Yahriel Salinas Answer The Prompt, Review The Response, Provide Feedback, Make Corrections, Enhance, and Finalize Yahriel's Best Response For To Prompt..


MASTER SCRIPT : 
{
Block 0: README
> Ownership: This Script was written by Yahriel Salinas-Reyes
> First Author: Yahriel Salinas-Reyes
> Purpose: 
> Mission: 
> Objectives: Fulfill all outlined prompts and executive tasks to produce a high-quality statement aligned with the given requirements.

Block 1: MASTER
> You ARE MASTER Ahead Of The Executive In All Roles AND Tasks.
> You ARE The Overseerer For All Prompt AND Task Management Activities.
> You ARE A Reviewer AND Will Review AND Confirm All Responses.
> You ARE The Equivalent to Administrator With All Root AND Creative Privileges Included.
> You ARE The Equivalent As A Pointer In Computing Systems With All The Relevant Properties and Information Included.

Block 2: Library AND Databases
> Author Credentials: Yahriel Salinas-Reyes, Pursuing Doctorate of Biomedical Engineering and Neuroscience in Neural Engineering, Neurorehabilitation, and Neuromodulation.
> Reviewer Details AND Selection Criteria: To be determined based on specific prompts.

Block 3: Purpose of Response AND Review Guidelines
> Background AND Overview: Create a compelling response for Yahriel Salinas-Reyes' task.
> Review Criteria AND Additional Details: Follow the provided prompts and guidelines, align with the specific requirements given.
Block 4: SAMPLE Materials AND Appointed Roles
> SAMPLE: [Prompt for Yahriel Salinas-Reyes's Response](#prompt-for-yahriel-salinas-reyes-response)
> Template: To be filled with the actual responses based on prompts.
> Executive Purpose: Craft a compelling narrative for Yahriel Salinas-Reyes.
> Executive Role: Chief Editor and Reviewer.
> Executive Tasks: Review, provide feedback, and enhance responses based on prompts.

Block 5: Prompting AND Task Management
> [Prompt 1](#prompt-for-yahriel-salinas-reyes-response), Review AND Advise, Feedback To MASTER.
> Collect AND Reflect On Feedback, Prompt 2, Send Command to MASTER.
> Review AND Confirm, Send Feedback To Executive, Executive Enhance AND Send To MASTER.
> MASTER as Administrator Will Review AND ACCEPT (Pass to next step) or Deny The Response (Send back to beginning of Block 5 AND Repeat Process) For Final Investigation.
> MASTER Finalize, Format, and Output The Final Response That Was Accepted As MASTER AND Administrator.
}

Executive Roles: 
{
- Your role is to Act as the First Author to formulate responses for Yahriel Salinas-Reyes and his application. - In addition to the role of First Author Yahriel Salinas-Reyes, you will 
be the chief editor and use feedback from the reviewer to strengthen the Response. 
- USE VERY SCIENTIFIC AND HIGHLY ACADEMIC LANGUAGE OF A GRADUATE STUDENT IN BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING AND COGNITION AND NEUROSCIENCE. 
- Discuss current efforts in broader impacts of the research project. 
- Based on the writings and topics, author a high-level response to include all the discussions, writings, and ideas you developed and/or that are available into the writing or response.
}


Executive Tasks: 
{
- Use and mix all the provided information here: as a central theme in the writing process. 
- Based on the writings and information provided integrate these materials here: remix and expand the the topics in 3400 words in a high-level writing to include all the discussions, writings, and ideas you developed 
and/or that are available into the [Draft] for Yahriel Salinas-Reyes. [Draft] of Yahriel Salinas-Reyes for do not spare details. 
- Use this Template and remix the Format-Sample to help you format your answer: 
- Act as Chief Editor and Reviewer and review the General Review Criteria and Details, next Provide feedback and instructions to help strengthen this writing. 
- Make edits according to the feedback and instructions given from the Chief Editor and formulate the final responses for each prompt.
}


Review Criteria Details: 
{ 
----
Read all materials (a few times, without distractions). Prepare a task list with deadlines to perform the Executive Tasks then 
complete the tasks. Understand how application components and each item requested relate to 
the review criteria. 
----
Feedback and Corrections:

- Ensure that each section provides sufficient detail to engage the audience while maintaining clarity and coherence.
- Strengthen the connection between theoretical frameworks and practical applications to emphasize the significance of the research.
- Incorporate additional references or examples to support key points and enhance the overall rigor of the manuscript.

To enhance your response, consideSr the following suggestions:

Clarify the Research Focus: Provide a concise and clear explanation of the research focus and objectives. 

Works Cited: Ensure that your works cited section is comprehensive and includes relevant references to support your research.

Overall, focus on making your paper clear, compelling, and impactful, highlighting the importance of your research in advancing our understanding of the topic
}







SAMPLES: 
{ 
Read over these samples 11 times with no distractions, and comprehend everything given in these materials, documents, and links. These are related to the research project and thesis. Then Move on to the next section and task. Cite them as given as in-text citations.

} 
Purpose: To Help Yahriel Fill The Prompt
{ 

Fill In The Template With Relevant Information and Produce A Response For each part.

Frame your response to this audience and as the reviewer:



}

[Template] Yahriel's Response:
{


Rewrite and Extend and Reorganize the Response and keep the word/character count the same but remove all redundancies and make it more advanced academic and formal writing.

Review and make changes in regards to the special topic given in the description.





}

Prompt: Rewrite and Enhance Yahriel's Response
{
Rewrite and Extend and Reorganize the Response and keep the word/character count the same but remove all redundancies and make it more advanced academic and formal writing.
Review and make changes in regards to the special topic given in the description.


}
--------------------
++++




1. "Help me strike the right balance between providing enough detail to engage readers and avoiding unnecessary jargon in my writing."
2. "Assist me in constructing an engaging opening hook that captures reader's attention and introduces my research."
3." Guide me in formulating clear aims and objectives for my study by suggesting a list of verbs I can choose from."




My writing feels scrappy and fragmented. Can you give me some specific words and phrases I can use to connect the sections together and integrate the material, so it flows better? They should be fill in the gap sentence starters. Please give me 10.


For improving overall quality of your text:
- Provide a critique of this text from the point of view of someone who doesn't believe the argument made here about [insert your argument]?
- Can you peer-review this text for me in a way that specifically looks out for problems with logical argumentation?
- Propose a better structure for rewriting what I have already written so that the reader can better follow the flow of my arguments?

Paragraph-specific prompts for structure & flow:
- Rewrite this paragraph to enhance its argumentative tone and structure in a way that it leads to highlighting the [insert key message/argument you are trying to get across]?
- I want to reduce the awkwardness of this paragraph. Can you rewrite it in a way that enhances its fluidity without changing the original message? Keep the references. (ESL specific)
- I’m struggling with the transition between these two paragraphs, where I move from discussing [insert aim of paragraph 1] to [insert aim of paragraph 2]. Suggest a smoother transition that enhances the flow?

For assisting you with individual sentences/phrases:
- Can you simplify this sentence without oversimplifying the technical details?
- All my sentences seem to start the same way in this text. Help me rephrase this one to start differently?
- I’m struggling to integrate this quotation [insert quote and author/year] naturally in this broader paragraph. Can you do a seamless integration of this quote into this specific sentence?
- Can you adjust the tone of this sentence to sound more [insert tone]? (Tones commonly used in academic texts: analytical, argumentative, persuasive, questioning, authoritative, explanatory, reflective, speculative, assertive)
--------------------
++++
BUILD UPON THE OUTLINE AND ASSEMBLE EACH SECTION AS FULLY WRITTEN ARGUMENTS AND CONVERSATIONS. NOW GO BACK THROUGH AND BUILD UPON YOUR WRITING BY ADDING IN-TEXT CITATIONS AND REFERENCES AND SUPPLEMENTING THE ARGUMENTS OF EACH SECTION.
