We are helping Yahriel Salinas-Reyes prepare for an interview with John Deere. They probably focused on your confidence and communication skills. Kindly go through the complete Job Description which I mentioned in the Interview Email and also, they may ask you questions from your Resume which I submitted for this role.

Simulate a real interview and give me a real in-depth description of the job and it's responsibilities 

{
Job Details 

Title:              Engineer Quality I - Quality Engineering

Location:       Ankeny, IA

Duration:       6 months (can be extend)

Pay Range:    $36/hr. on w2 (without benefits, without paid leaves and without relocation expenses)         

 

Onsite
1st shift
Metatarsals required day 1.


Major Purpose
This job fully integrates an individual into the engineering culture by performing specific quality engineering assignments that are limited in scope, depth and degree of skill required. Work plans and decisions are usually reviewed by others.

Skills, Abilities, Knowledge
- Engineering Technology Engineering Design Engineering Development
- Business Requirements Analysis Engineering Specification Engineering Testing
- Project Schedule Management Engineering Build
- Engineering Implementation
- Engineering Technical Operations Support Health and Safety
- Negotiation
- Policy and Regulation Review and Reporting Risk Management Contract Management Costing and Budgeting

Education
- Bachelor's Degree or Equivalent Level

 

JOB DUTIES:
* *Quality Engineer supporting John Deere Des Moines Works Operations
*Apply SPC and data analytics to processes to improve reliable quality
*Review warranty information, prioritize quality related problems, create evidence packages and apply problem resolution techniques
*Review Defects Per Unit Daily report and apply problem resolution techniques
*Review daily Quality Board metrics to determine if there are questions from our wage workforce
*Create Temporary Deviations per the JDDMW Work Instruction
*Post Quality Alerts for defects found at work cells
*Facilitate RCA's & NCCA's
*Attend weekly QIT meeting
*Perform initial sorts on parts that may be non-conforming
*Pass information to supplier QE for further resolution as needed
*Support factory with troubleshooting, containment process, corrective action.

Major Duties
- Carry out a range of activities under the guidance of more senior colleagues to support the analysis of information and the specification of the methods and process steps, as well as the plant, machinery, and equipment, required to design and continuously improve manufacturing or materials processes and process systems.
- Contribute to the development of, and implement feasibility testing of, proposed engineering solutions to provide feedback and data to validate the design.
- Carry out a range of activities under the guidance of more senior colleagues to support the drafting of engineering standards and specifications and the evaluation of the effectiveness of those standards.
- Carry out inspections under the supervision of senior colleagues to evaluate the quality of engineering works and/or the integrity of existing installations or structures and make recommendations to senior colleagues on the remedial works needed to ensure conformance with specifications and regulatory requirements.
- Deliver required outcomes by coordinating activities of subcontractors and suppliers and acting as a primary point of contact for them while working within an established contract management plan.
- Identify shortcomings in existing processes, systems, and procedures, and use established change management programs to address them.
- Help others get the most out of knowledge management systems by offering support and advice.
- Carry out a range of product development and engineering activities. Use established systems to analyze customer needs and define and deliver products.
- Work within an established project management plan to achieve specific goals.

 

REQUIRED:
*Engineering degree or related technical background
*Demonstrated Skills in Root Cause Analysis & Corrective Action
*Understanding of Mistake Proofing Techniques
*Demonstrated performance in cross functional teams
*Strong communication skills

 
}
{
Yahriel Salinas-Reyes
Des Moines, IA
Interview Availability: 24-48 hours of prior notice.
Position Availability: 2 weeks.
Shift Comfortability: All
Professional Summary:
Self-dedicated and detail-oriented professional with Bachelor of Aerospace Engineering (GPA: 3.4) from Iowa State University of Science & Technology, Ames, IA (Dec’23).
Proficient in Python, MATLAB & Simulink, SAS - CAD & FEA, ANSYS/ABAQUS, Systems & Reverse Engineering, Internet of Things, Design of Experiments.
Utilized systems engineering and aerospace techniques to optimize aircraft design features, dynamic & static stability, and aerodynamic performance of the small, unmanned aircraft system (sUAS).
Implemented machine vision systems, industrial controls, automatic identification & data capture, and responsible for providing data-driven decisions as the signals & control systems/electronics lead.

Skills:
SQL, Windows OS, Linux OS, AWS Services, Java, C/C++/C# Programming, Python, MATLAB & Simulink, SAS - CAD & FEA, ANSYS/ABAQUS, Systems & Reverse Engineering, Internet of Things, Design of Experiments.

Education:
Iowa State University of Science & Technology, Ames, IA                                    Dec'23
Bachelor of Aerospace Engineering (GPA: 3.4)
Relevant Coursework: Systems Engineering, Electrical Engineering, FEA, Robotics, Engine Analysis, Engine Design, Thermodynamics, Controls, Applied Mechanics & Physics, Materials Science & Engineering, Machine-Learning, Computer Science, Software Engineering, etc.

Research Activities:
MEMS Shear Sensor and Flow Separation Theory, funded by DARPA.
Energy Absorbing Nano-Architected Composites, funded by SFP Programs.
Wind Energy and Development of MEMS Sensors, funded by Boeing.
Implementation of ML into The Scientific Method, funded by SFP Programs.
Applications of Multi-functional Piezo-electric Devices, funded by NSF.
Opportunities of Kirigami-Inspired MEMS Devices, funded by NSF.
Heat-Free Manufacturing of Paper-Based MEMS Sensor, funded by ISU Honors

Associations:
Microscale Interfacial Fluid Physics Laboratory.
Julia R. Greer Group at CALTECH.
Boeing Aerospace Research Fellowship.
Z Energy Lab at Stanford University.
Goldwater Finalist/McNair Program at ISU.
Soft Materials Matter Transport Group.
Iowa State University Honors Program
				
Professional and Research & Development Experience:
Senior Capstone Project
Target Objective: “Modern Design Methodology with Aerospace Application & Design of Aerospace Systems”.
Oversaw the design and production of sUAS consisting of a "mothership" aircraft that deploys two expendable "drone" aircraft capable of delivering a small, versatile payload for industry partners DoD and NATO.
Implemented machine vision systems, industrial controls, automatic identification & data capture, and responsible for providing data-driven decisions as the signals & control systems/electronics lead.
Utilized systems engineering and aerospace techniques to optimize aircraft design features, dynamic & static stability, and aerodynamic performance of the small, unmanned aircraft system (sUAS).

DARPA                                                                                                                           Aug'21 to Aug'23
Undergraduate Research Assistant
Faculty mentor Dr. Thomas Ward II, Associate Professor, Department of Aerospace Engineering, ISU
Research Project: “Experimental Techniques for Flow Separation Detection and Chemical Sintering”
Operated as Experimental Engineer and composed an SOP for experiments and heavy machinery.
Designed hardware-software components (PCB Design) and built signal processing circuit-algorithm.
Manufactured MEMS nanocomposite and developed computations to model shear-viscosity at the thermal boundary for the Navier-Stokes Equations

Greer Group									     May'22 to Aug'22
Summer Undergraduate Research Fellow
Faculty mentor Dr. Julia Greer, Assoc. Prof. of Materials Science, A. Mechanics, & Medical Sciences, Caltech.
Research Project: “Hybrid Nanocomposites: Semi-Empirical Method of Viscoelastic Behavior”.
Created nanocomposite with architectural features to achieve mechanical property enhancements.
Investigated the constituent material systems individually using compressions tests on a dynamic mechanical analyzer and observed deformation zones with scanning electron microscopy.
Developed a semi-empirical model for the deformation mechanisms observed in post-mortem analysis of samples; this enables FEA & Euler Theory to inform the viscoelastic continuum damage model.

Ronald E. McNair Post-Baccalaureate Achievement Program			    Sept'21 to May'22 
McNair Scholar
Faculty mentor Dr. Ashley Garrin, Director of Ronald E. McNair Program, Graduate College, ISU.
Research Project: “Sociological Differences in Graduate School Motivation of Minority Identities”.
Constructed an experimental framework, completed literature synthesis, conducted interviews of program mentors, analyzed, and interpreted results in a technical manner.
Participated in preparation courses and experiences for doctoral studies through involvement in research and other scholarly activities.

Soft Matter Material Transport Group					     Aug'19 to May'22
Systems Engineer / Undergraduate Researcher
Faculty mentor Dr. Martin Thuo, Associate Professor, Department of Materials Science and Engineering, ISU.
Research Project: “Design of Multi-Function 3D Piezo-electric Devices for Aeronautical Applications”.
Explored tunability, sensitivity, utility of paper-based devices with various configurations, optimized device design using engineering methods, created self-automated calibration & data capture system.
Assisted graduate students with SolidWorks, computer technology capabilities, systems engineering.
This research work was submitted to a scientific peer-review journal for publication (2023).
}

John Deere Quality Engineer Interview Questions and Answers:
{
https://interviewprep.org/john-deere-interview-questions/
https://gdpi.hitbullseye.com/John-Deere-Interview-Questions.php
}


Possible Interview Questions:
{
1. Tell me about a time you went above and beyond for work.
2. Tell me about a time you had to choose something else over doing a good job.
3. Describe a situation where you weren’t satisfied with your job. What could have made it
better?
4. Describe a situation where you saw a problem and took steps to fix it.
5. Tell me about a time you had to collaborate with a coworker who was tough to please.
6. Tell me about a time you had to work with an important customer or a difficult manager.
7. Describe a situation where you had to make a good impression on a customer. How did you
do it?
8. Describe a time when you had too many to do items on your list. How did you solve the
problem?
9. Tell me about a tough challenge you faced. How did you solve it?
10. Tell me about a time you had to collaborate and work on a team project
11. Tell me about a time you had to deal with an angry customer/student/coworker
12. Tell me about a time you had to use problem solving or root cause analysis.
13. Describe a situation in which I made a decision too quickly.
14. Describe a situation in which you had to work with consideration of diversity (specifically,
differences between people. In their words, &quot;not just race&quot;) in the workplace.
}