Department of Computing and Mathematical Sciences (including ACM, CDS, CMS & CS)

Select Term:
FALL 2024

Program Info
The application deadline is December 15.

CMS Option Requirements:
3 Letters of Reference
Transcripts
CV or Resume
Personal Statement

For additional information, please refer to http://www.cms.caltech.edu/
----
Academic Option 1
Computing and Mathematical Sciences
Academic Option 2
Applied and Computational Mathematics
Academic Option 3
Control and Dynamical Systems
Academic Option 4
Computer Science
CMS Faculty #1
Erik Winfree
CMS Faculty #2
Christopher Umans
CMS Faculty #3
Niles A. Pierce
Primary Area of Special Interest
Computational Biology; Synthetic Biology; Molecular Programming; Neuroscience
Secondary Area of Special Interest, if applicable
Information Theory; Signal Processing; Communications
Final Degree Objective
PhD
----
Resume/Curriculum Vitae
Please attach a CV or resume that includes the following, if applicable:

Teaching, professional, and vocational experience (include military service, but omit summer or part-time work not relevant to your professional goals)
Research experience
Major academic recognitions, honors, and memberships in scientific, professional and honorary societies
Professional activities
Significant extracurricular activities
Conference presentations
Titles of publications, major papers, or theses authored or co-authored; if published provide citation.
----
Statement of Purpose
Provide a brief statement of your scientific and professional interests and objectives. Include a description of your past accomplishments that are not evident from the examination of the other documents submitted. Report, if applicable, on any research in progress.
----
Additional Essay
Caltech has an ambitious mission to expand human knowledge and benefit society through research integrated with education. Please speak to how your life experiences and ambitions relate to this mission. (Essay is optional)
----
Program Participation and Outreach
Data from the following questions on program participation, national organization membership, and conference attendance will not be made available to the admissions committee or used for admission purposes. However, if you choose to share this data with us it will be used, in aggregate, so we can learn more about the composition of our applicant pool.

----
