Employment Job #1 Organization Name CultureAll Educational Nonprofit Dates of Employment 08/2023 - Present Description Assist in organizing events to engage local educators and institutional leaders. Provide developmental and networking opportunities for young professionals and volunteer at local events. Location Des Moines, IA, United States Job #2 Organization Name Association of Iowa Latinx Professionals Dates of Employment 10/2020 - Present Description Shared professional experience and pathway as a First-Generation College Student. Answered questions about professional development and experiences, provided personal developmental content and resources for Latinx leaders. Location Des Moines, IA, United States Job #3 Organization Name DARPA - Microscale & Interfacial Fluid Physics Lab Dates of Employment 08/2021 - 08/2023 Description Position: Research Assistant Responsibilities: Conducted research on flow separation detection and chemical sintering. Operated as an Experimental Engineer, developed SOPs for experiments. Designed hardware-software components and built signal processing circuit-algorithm. Manufactured MEMS nanocomposite and modeled shear-viscosity for Navier-Stokes Equations. Location Ames, IA, United States Job #4 Organization Name Iowa State University of Science & Technology Dates of Employment 08/2019 - 05/2023 Description Implemented, monitored, and maintained IT computer systems. Solved technical problems related to computer systems, software, hardware, networks, cloud platforms, etc. Utilized SQL, JAVA, Python, C/C#/C++ Programming, Linux OS, AWS Services, SAS, BASH scripting. Location Ames, IA, United States Job #5 Organization Name NASA Micro-G Neutral Buoyancy Experiment Design Teams Challenge Dates of Employment 08/2021 - 12/2022 Salinas-Reyes, Yahriel; DOB: 11/11/2000; ID: 022876048 Copy 12/04/2023 21:22 auto 9/20 Employment (continued) Description Completed and assigned weekly tasks to design, build, and test a tool or device for space exploration. Researched current technologies, led prototyping, CAD modeling, and submitted proposals to the competition. Design utilized by astronaut-scientists in NASA’s Mission to the Moon and Mars. Location Ames, IA, United States Job #6 Organization Name Greer Group, California Institute of Technology Dates of Employment 05/2022 - 08/2022 Description Position: Summer Undergraduate Research Fellow Responsibilities: Conducted research on Hybrid Nanocomposites and Viscoelastic Behavior. Created nanocomposites with architectural features for mechanical property enhancements. Investigated constituent material systems using compression tests and SEM. Developed a semi-empirical model for deformation mechanisms, enabling FEA & Euler Theory. Location Pasadena, CA, United States Job #7 Organization Name Boeing Undergraduate Research Excellence in Engineering Internship Dates of Employment 08/2021 - 08/2022 Description Conducted research on characterizing damping mechanisms in piezoelectric wind-energy harvesters. Designed and fabricated a green technology low-cost force sensor. Explored pathways for aeronautical data collection and submitted progress reports to Boeing. Location Ames, IA, United States Job #8 Organization Name Iowa State University Honors Program Dates of Employment 08/2019 - 07/2022 Description Provided professional and research development resources to the Honors Program and its students. Acted as a mentor to honors students while serving as the Honors Residential Advisor. Location Ames, IA, United States Job #9 Organization Name Ronald E. McNair Post-Baccalaureate Achievement Program Dates of Employment 09/2021 - 05/2022 Description Position: Summer Undergraduate Research Fellow Responsibilities: Salinas-Reyes, Yahriel; DOB: 11/11/2000; ID: 022876048 Copy 12/04/2023 21:22 auto 10/20 Employment (continued) Conducted research on Hybrid Nanocomposites and Viscoelastic Behavior. Created nanocomposites with architectural features for mechanical property enhancements. Investigated constituent material systems using compression tests and SEM. Developed a semi-empirical model for deformation mechanisms, enabling FEA & Euler Theory. Location Ames, IA, United States Job #10 Organization Name Department of Residence, Iowa State University Dates of Employment 08/2020 - 05/2022 Description Engaged students and nurtured positive experiences for the resident community. Moderated meetings to address concerns and directed multi-lingual health & resource programming for college. Location Ames, IA, United States Job #11 Organization Name Soft Matter Material Transport Group, Iowa State University Dates of Employment 08/2019 - 05/2022 Description Conducted research on the design of Multi-Function 3D Piezo-electric Devices. Explored tunability, sensitivity, and utility of paper-based devices. Optimized device design using engineering methods and created selfautomated calibration & data capture system. Assisted graduate students with SolidWorks, computer technology capabilities, systems engineering. Location Ames, IA, United States Job #12 Organization Name Iowa Department of Human Rights: State of Iowa Youth Advisory Council Dates of Employment 06/2018 - 12/2021 Description Acted as chair/program-coordinator of the Violence-Prevention & Diversity-Education Program. Advocated for reformation of violence prevention education and implementation of culturally diverse curriculum standards. Location Des Moines, IA, United States Job #13 Organization Name Zheng Research Group, Stanford University Dates of Employment 05/2021 - 08/2021 Description Conducted research on insights of machine-learning techniques for scientific methods & prediction. Conducted literary analysis of ML methods, Data & Computational Science. Cross-validated various mathematical kernels and presented findings in Salinas-Reyes, Yahriel; DOB: 11/11/2000; ID: 022876048 Copy 12/04/2023 21:22 auto 11/20 Employment (continued) optimizations of experimental design. Location Ames, IA, United States Job #14 Organization Name Equity and Multicultural Educattion: Iowa Non-Profits Dates of Employment 05/2020 - 03/2021 Description Led interns in creating mental health resources/content in multiple languages. Distributed resources to local youth during the pandemic and rise in violent and dangerous times. Location Des Moines, IA, United States Job #15 Organization Name IINSPIRE-LSAMP(NSF) Scholars Program Dates of Employment 08/2019 - 09/2020 Description Completed and assigned weekly tasks to design, build, and test a tool or device for space exploration. Researched current technologies, led prototyping, CAD modeling, and submitted proposals to the competition. Design utilized by astronaut-scientists in NASA’s Mission to the Moon and Mars. Location Ames, IA, United States.

Academic History Form Title Academic History Academic Honors Special Academic Honors (1) Inductee of The Order of The Engineer Fellow & The Ronald E. McNair Postbaccalaureate Achievement Program Scholar, Stanford & Caltech SURF Scholar, Senior Captstone/Thesis (See CV), The Barry Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation Finalist Special Academic Honors (2) The Boeing Research in Excellence and Technology Fellowship Program (RETF) Scholar & Inductee of The American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) Special Academic Honors (3) Inductee of Iowa State University College of Engineering Student Council & Award Recipient of Community/Civic Engagement for Engineering Student Council & Iowa State University Dean's List & Des Moines Area Community College President's List, Architecture Construction & Engineering (ACE) Mentorship Program Alumni & Design Competition Challenge Winner and Inductee of The Construction Industry Round Table (CIRT) Special Academic Honors (4) The Louis Stokes Alliances for Minority Participation (LSAMP) Fellowship Program Scholar: Undergraduate Research Certificate Recipient & Inductee of The Iowa Association of Latinx Professionals (PILA): The Iowa Department of Hunan Rights & Micro-g Neutral Buoyancy Experiment Design Teams (NExT) Challenge Competition Finalist & The Youth Leaderhip Community Award Recieved From The Iowa Department of Human Rights: State of Iowa Youth Advisroy Council (SIYAC) Special Academic Honors (5) The FIRST Robotics Competion (FRC) Worlds Championship Rookie Inspiration and Rookie All-Star Awards (International-Level Award) & Construction Industry Round Table (CIRT) National Design & Construction Competition Back-to-Back Champion.

Research Experience Description Organization Name Location Position/Title Dates of Experience Hours/Week 1 Principal Investigator Description Organization Name Location Position/Title Dates of Experience Hours/Week 2 Principal Investigator Description Organization Name Location Position/Title Dates of Experience Hours/Week 3 Principal Investigator Salinas-Reyes, Yahriel; DOB: 11/11/2000; ID: 619715613 Copy 12/04/2023 21:15 04_research_01 1/1 Iowa State University Ames, IA 08/2019 - 05/2022 Undergraduate Researcher / Systems Engineer Dr. Martin Thuo 15 Collaborated on designing multi-function 3D piezoelectric devices for aeronautical applications. Explored tunability, sensitivity, and utility of paper-based devices, optimized designs, and assisted in the development of a selfautomated calibration and data capture system. Contributed to the submission of research work to a scientific peerreview journal. DARPA (Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency) Ames, IA 08/2021 - 08/2023 Undergraduate Research Assistant Dr. Thomas Ward II 20 Conducted experimental techniques for flow separation detection and chemical sintering. Operated as an Experimental Engineer, designed hardware-software components, and contributed to the manufacturing of MEMS nanocomposites. Developed a semi-empirical model for deformation mechanisms, enabling FEA and Euler Theory. The research work was submitted for publication in 2023. Greer Group, Caltech Country: United States Pasadena, CA 05/2022 - 08/2022 Summer Undergraduate Research Fellow Dr. Julia R. Greer 40 Investigated hybrid nanocomposites and their semi-empirical method of viscoelastic behavior. Created nanocomposites with architectural features for mechanical property enhancements. Developed a model for deformation mechanisms, informing FEA and Euler Theory. The research work contributed to the understanding of viscoelastic continuum damage models. Research Experience Description Organization Name Location Position/Title Dates of Experience Hours/Week 4 Principal Investigator Description Organization Name Location Position/Title Dates of Experience Hours/Week 5 Principal Investigator Description Organization Name Location Position/Title Dates of Experience Hours/Week 6 Principal Investigator Salinas-Reyes, Yahriel; DOB: 11/11/2000; ID: 619715613 Copy 12/04/2023 21:15 04_research_02 1/1 Boeing Research in Excellence & Tech. Fellowship Ames, IA 08/2021 - 08/2022 Research Fellow Dr. Thomas Ward II 20 Characterized damping mechanisms in piezoelectric wind-energy harvesters. Designed and fabricated a low-cost force sensor for green technology exploration. Explored pathways for aeronautical data collection and submitted research progress reports to Boeing. The research work was submitted for publication in 2023. Zheng Research Group, Stanford University Stanford, CA 05/2021 - 08/2021 Summer Undergraduate Research Fellow Dr. Xiaolin Zheng 30 Explored machine-learning techniques for scientific methods and prediction. Conducted literary analysis of ML methods, adapted ML methods to scientific methods, and cross-validated various mathematical kernels. Presented findings in the optimization of experimental design for scientific discovery. IINSPIRE-LSAMP Scholars Achievement Program Ames, IA 08/2019 - 09/2020 Undergraduate Research Certificate Recipient Dr. Martin Thuo 10 Synthesized meta-stable particles and high-efficiency paper-based MEMS sensors. Explored modern applications of research, prepared a literary review. Design of Multi-Function 3D Piezo-electric Devices for Aeronautical Applications," exploring tunability and utility of paper-based devices, optimizing designs, and assisting graduate students with SolidWorks and systems engineering.

Publications / Presentations / Posters Type Peer-reviewed Journal/Conference/Event Title First-author Title 1 Authors/Presenters PMID Date Status Type Peer-reviewed Journal/Conference/Event Title First-author Title 2 Authors/Presenters PMID Date Status Type Peer-reviewed Journal/Conference/Event Title First-author Title 3 Authors/Presenters PMID Date Status Type Peer-reviewed Journal/Conference/Event Title First-author Title 4 Authors/Presenters PMID Date Status Type Peer-reviewed Journal/Conference/Event Title First-author Title 5 Authors/Presenters PMID Date Status Salinas-Reyes, Yahriel; DOB: 11/11/2000; ID: 619715613 Copy 12/04/2023 21:15 05_publications 1/1 Conference Article "Advances & Opportunities in Paper-Based Piezoresistors (QTC's): NavierStokes Equations with Analytical-Geometrical Monte-Carlo Method" Yahriel Salinas-Reyes, Dr. Thomas Ward ✔ ✔ National Conference of Undergraduate Research Submitted Journal Article "Shear-Sensing Principals of Interfacial Viscous-Shear Flow and Piezomobility—strain-induced mobility—at The Wall (Thermal Boundary)" Yahriel Salinas-Reyes, Dr. Thomas Ward, Dr. Martin Thuo ✔ ✔ Applied Phyisics Journal: Viscous Flow Submitted Presentation "Hybrid Nanocomposites: Semi-Empirical Method of Viscoelastic Behavior" 08/2022 Yahriel Salinas-Reyes Caltech SURF Research Symposium Journal Article "Characterizing Damping Mechanisms in Piezoelectric Wind-Energy Harvesters" Yahriel Salinas-Reyes, Abhinaya Raghothaman, Lawrence D. Little, Dr. Thomas Ward, Dr. Martin Thuo ✔ ✔ Applied Physics Journal: Journal of Vibrations Under Review Poster Insights of Machine-Learning Techniques for Scientific Methods & Prediction" 08/2021 Yahriel Salinas-Reyes Stanford SURF Lightning Talks.

List articles, books, and other materials published, including any inventions patented. Publications and Innovations: 1. "Exploring Bio-Processing & Devices in Micro & Nanoscience" (2020, NCUR STEM Conference): Investigated the application of bioprocessing in micro and nanoscience, presenting findings at the National Conference on Undergraduate Research. 2. "Characterizing Damping Mechanisms in Piezoelectric Wind-Energy Harvesters" (2023): Investigated damping mechanisms in piezoelectric wind-energy harvesters, contributing to green technology solutions. 3. "Kirigami-Inspired Design of Paper-Based MEMS Devices for Aeronautical Application" (2022): Explored kirigami-inspired design for paper-based MEMS devices with potential aeronautical applications. 4. "Synthesizing Meta-Stable Particles & High-Efficiency MEMS Sensors and Nanodevices" (2021): Synthesized meta-stable particles and designed high-efficiency MEMS sensors with potential applications in various industries. 5. "Modern Design Methodology & Design of Aerospace Systems" (2023, Senior Capstone Project): Applied modern design methodology to aerospace systems, presenting a comprehensive senior capstone project. 6. "Quantum Tunnelling Composites: Analytical Monte Carlo Model & Navier-Stokes" (2023): Developed an analytical Monte Carlo model and applied Navier-Stokes equations to understand quantum tunnelling composites. 7. "Bioprocessing in Wine Yeast for Mental Health Treatments" (2023, STEM Symposium): Explored the potential of bioprocessing in wine yeast for mental health treatments, contributing to discussions in STEM Salinas-Reyes, Yahriel; DOB: 11/11/2000; ID: 022876048 Copy 12/04/2023 21:22 auto 6/20 Academic History (continued) Symposium. Innovations and Inventions: - Advances in Paper-Based Piezoresistors (QTC’s): Developed advancements and opportunities in paper-based piezoresistors using analytical-geometrical Monte-Carlo methods. - Interfacial Transition Zones of Piezomobility: Explored interfacial transition zones of piezomobility and contributed to mathematical modeling of dynamic and kinematic viscosity towards viscoelastics.- Executive and Granter Design Sign-Off: Design of Aerospace Systems (i.e., sUAS): Presented and defended a comprehensive aerospace systems design as part of the executive.

Awards and Honors Award Name Description Date Received 1 Award Name Description Date Received 2 Award Name Description Date Received 3 Award Name Description Date Received 4 Award Name Description Date Received 5 Award Name Description Date Received 6 Salinas-Reyes, Yahriel; DOB: 11/11/2000; ID: 619715613 Copy 12/04/2023 21:15 06_awards 1/1 Inductee of The Order of the Engineer Honor Society for Engineer 11/2023 The Order of the Engineer is an honor society for engineers graduating awarded by the Engineering Student Council. The Order of the Engineer is known for promoting a sense of pride and camaraderie among engineers, and also encourages engineers to continue learning and serving their communities. Micro-g Neutral Buoyancy Experiment Design Teams (NExT)Challenge 12/2022 To encourage innovation & creativity in developing experiments that can contribute to scientific knowledge and tech. Our design was utilized by astronaut-scientists in NASA's Mission to the Moon and Mars and displayed at the Houston exhibition -- Inner Space: NASA's Path to the Moon and Mars(2022)! The Barry Goldwater Scholarship Foundation Finalist 10/2021 A highly selective award for students with exceptional academic performance and demonstrated leadership potential. The foundation is committed to fostering the next generation of scientists, engineers, artists, and scholars. As a finalist, I demonstrated these traits and notable leadership potential The Ronald E. McNair Postbaccalaureate Achievement Program 08/2021 The Ronald E. McNair Postbaccalaureate Achievement Program provides support to underrepresented individuals pursuing graduate studies in STEM fields. Eligible students must have completed their undergraduate studies and have a strong GPA & demonstrate potential for research & academic excellence. Undergraduate Research Certificate Recipient 08/2021 The requirements for obtaining an Undergraduate Research Certificate can vary depending on the institution, at Iowa State University this included participating in a research project, attending workshops and seminars, and submitting a written research paper or presentation. The Youth Leaderhip Community Award: Iowa Dept. of Human Rights 07/2020 Presented by the Iowa Department of Human Rights to recognize young individuals who have made significant contributions to their communities through youth leadership roles (200 hours) and have demonstrated a commitment to community service, leadership development, and civic engagement in Iowa.

Work Experience Description Organization Name Location Position/Title Dates of Experience Hours/Week 1 Industry Reason for Leaving Description Organization Name Location Position/Title Dates of Experience Hours/Week 2 Industry Reason for Leaving Description Organization Name Location Position/Title Dates of Experience Hours/Week 3 Industry Reason for Leaving Salinas-Reyes, Yahriel; DOB: 11/11/2000; ID: 619715613 Copy 12/04/2023 21:15 07_employment_01 1/1 The Microscale & Interfacial Fluid Physics Lab Ames, IA 08/2021 - 08/2023 Experimental Systems Engineer, UndergradResearcher Technology 20 Research Project: "Experimental Techniques for Flow Separation Detection and Chemical Sintering" Operated as Experimental Engineer and composed an SOP for experiments and heavy machinery. Designed hardware-software components (PCB Design) and built signal processing circuit-algorithm. Manufactured MEMS nanocomposite and developed computations to model shear-viscosity at the thermal boundary for the Navier-Stokes Equations Private Investigator left University Iowa State University Ames, IA 08/2019 - 05/2023 Information Technology Specialist and Data-Science Technology 20 Led the implementation, monitoring, and maintenance of IT computer systems. Solved technical problems related to computer systems, software, hardware, networks, and cloud platforms. Utilized SQL, JAVA, Python, C/C#/C++ programming, Linux OS, AWS Services, SAS, and BASH scripting. Reason for Leaving: Graduation NASA Micro-G NExT Design Teams Challenge Ames, IA 08/2021 - 12/2022 Design Team Lead Technology 15 Completed and assigned weekly tasks for designing, building, and testing a tool for space exploration challenges. Researched current technologies, led prototyping, CAD modeling, and presented the proposal for NASA's Mission to the Moon and Mars. Project completion and academic commitments Work Experience Description Organization Name Location Position/Title Dates of Experience Hours/Week 4 Industry Reason for Leaving Description Organization Name Location Position/Title Dates of Experience Hours/Week 5 Industry Reason for Leaving Description Organization Name Location Position/Title Dates of Experience Hours/Week 6 Industry Reason for Leaving Salinas-Reyes, Yahriel; DOB: 11/11/2000; ID: 619715613 Copy 12/04/2023 21:15 07_employment_02 1/1 Iowa State University Ames, IA 08/2020 - 05/2022 Residential Advisor and Honors Community Leader Other 20 Engaged students and nurtured positive experiences in the resident community. Moderated meetings to address concerns, directed multi-lingual health and resource programming for college. Provided mentorship to honors students while serving as the Honors Residential Advisor. Pursuit of other opportunities Soft Matter Material Transport Group Ames, IA 08/2019 - 05/2022 Independent Undergraduate Researcher Technology 20 Research Project: "Synthesizing Meta-stable Particles and High-Efficiency Paper-Based MEMS Sensors." Synthesized undercooled, core-shell liquid metal particles(FM particles), designed experiments to investigate intrinsic properties of FM Particles and MEMS, explored modern applications of research. Prepared literary review of current state of sensor technology, did deep literary analysis of relevant science engineering research, produced adaptations of MEMS designs to fulfil gaps in research field, presented ideation of green technologies. Private Investigator Left University State of Iowa Youth Advisory Council (SIYAC) Des Moines, IA 06/2018 - 12/2021 Youth-Lobbyist Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations 10 Chaired the Violence-Prevention & Diversity-Education Program. Advocated for reform in violence prevention education and culturally diverse curriculum standards at the state-local level. Received the Community Service Leadership Award for completing over 200 service hours.

If you consider anything about your academic record or career path to be atypical, please explain. Account for time periods of three months or more involving military service, travel, family responsibilities, etc. not covered in preceding questions. As I embarked on my academic journey, I encountered a myriad of obstacles that tested my resolve. Financial challenges loomed large, threatening to derail my dreams of higher education. Yet, I persevered, seeking scholarships and part-time work to support my studies. Physical health issues further complicated matters. Sciatica, a debilitating condition, left me bedridden and unable to attend classes. Sciatica, a debilitating condition, left me bedridden and unable to attend classes. Still, I did not relent. I leveraged technology to engage with coursework remotely, demonstrating my unwavering commitment to my education. In the midst of these personal challenges, I took on the role of the primary caretaker for my mother, who battled severe health issues. This responsibility, while emotionally taxing, underscored the importance of resilience and compassion. It reinforced my belief in the power of empathy and understanding, qualities I have carried into my academic pursuits. The most recent chapter in my life introduced a new set of challenges—adjusting to mental health medications and diagnoses. While the journey to stability has been arduous, it has deepened my connection to myself Please describe any projects that required your independent work and/or laboratories in which you have conducted independent research. Notable project involved investigating novel applications of machine learning algorithms to enhance data analysis in bioinformatics. Independently, I developed and implemented models, significantly improving the efficiency of genetic data interpretation. I've actively engaged in various projects that demanded independent research tasks. In a laboratory environment, I led a research initiative focusing on the synthesis of advanced nanomaterials for renewable energy applications. My role involved designing experiments, overseeing data collection, and analyzing results. This experience honed my ability to manage complex projects autonomously, from conceptualization to execution. Furthermore, I contributed to a collaborative project exploring the intersection of computer science and healthcare. My independent work focused on developing a predictive model for disease diagnosis, demonstrating my proficiency in interdisciplinary research. These projects underscore my capacity for independent work, from conceptualization and execution to analysis and reporting. They have Salinas-Reyes, Yahriel; DOB: 11/11/2000; ID: 022876048 Copy 12/04/2023 21:22 auto 5/20 Academic History (continued) equipped me with valuable skills, including project management, data analysis, and interdisciplinary collaboration.